Now that we know all the UTXOs that are available,
let's actually go and create a raw transaction.
Again, I just wanted to make clear in this step is that,
we are just creating a transaction in this step.
We are not sending it to any network yet,
we will do that in a later step.
The command that you will use to create
a raw transaction is called 'Create raw transaction'.
Now, of course you can go to your debug console and type it directly,
but it is a pretty long command because bunch of parameters go in it.
The best way to do it is open up an editor to create a command since it is a long one,
and I'm going to show what the syntax looks like.
Let's go to R in editor that we have open here and have some information.
This is how it looks like.
It says create raw transaction,
and then we have the transaction ID.
This is the TxOut that you're trying to use.
This is the input and the vout number.
Remember, we saw an array of all the unspent transactions,
so we're picking a transaction that has some balance in it.
Again, just wanted to make sure that you do have
some balance available in whatever the address that you're using.
If you don't, you're going to get an error in the later step.
Again, this followed by the TxOut.
In this case, just wanted to walk you through,
we are actually going to have two different transactions happening here.
One transaction is the number of bitcoins that you're transferring one receiving address,
and then the second transaction is the number of bitcoins that
are changed coming back to the originating address.
Again, the weight goes, I picked one of my addresses.
Again, if you don't have addresses,
I showed you in one of the steps prior,
how to create new addresses in account or you can use an external account address.
In my case, I'm picking one of these.
Again, just to show you where this is coming from,
this is my transaction ID and the vout,
so if I wanted to show you where all this information is coming from,
so let's go to a debug console again.
Let's just go and pick up our unspent again so you can see it on a bigger screen.
We have all our transactions,
let's make it a little bit bigger here.
What I'm doing is that I'm actually just picking this transaction.
I'm picking this because I do see there's enough balance that it can transfer.
This is the transaction ID vout,
and I'm transferring it to one of
my other addresses and I do have bunch of addresses and my account,
and I think I'm picking one of my addresses that's posted on the top.
Again, you can always find what addresses you have,
I'll show that to you in just a second.
I'm picking one of my other addresses in my account and
I'm transferring back again to this address.
This is the vout that I'm picking,
in fact this one, because this has enough balance in it.
To show you back again, this is what we're building here.
We have a 'create raw transaction',
and then that's the transaction ID that we got from the screen that I just showed to you,
v-out was one but transferring,
flippy side had a balance of 0.0495 I guess.
What we're doing is a that we're transferring these much bitcoins to this address,
and then whatever the balance is,
of course, we're going to pay a little bit in back in gas.
So we're transferring these much back again to this wallet.
If you see, that's how you create the command 'create raw transaction',
transaction ID comes here, vout comes here.
Again, the syntax is also in the bottom of the screen,
and then we have the transaction out.
In our case we have two transactions,
this is the receiving address I'm transferring these many bitcoins,
and this is the address that we're getting it back, these many bitcoins.
Fantastic, so this is our command.
Now let's go copy this.
I'm going to go copy this complete thing.
Once we have that, I'm going to paste my command right here.
This is a long command and that's the reason it was
the best thing to use an editor for this.
Again, wanted to make sure that you have enough balance in the from address,
otherwise, when you send a transaction in later steps you will get an error.
Again like I said, I'm using one of my UTXOs that has a balance of 0.0495 BTU,
and all the information I showed that to you on your screen.
Now, once we do that let's go hit "Enter" here.
Once you do that,
if you see you get a hex string back.
This is the hex string that you are getting back.
Now, we will need this hex string in our later steps
to sign this transaction and further send it to the network.
Make sure you copy this thing.
Of course, it's available on the screen right now.
But this is the hex string that we'll need to sign
a transaction and further send it out to the network.